notes/0.8.0.markdown, before:

### ScalaJSON support

[ScalaJSON](https://github.com/mdedetrich/scalajson), formerly SLIP-28 JSON proposal, is graduating the incubation, and changed its group id (organization). However, it is still in development and final 1.0 is not out yet.

To avoid runtime errors in the future, sjson-new 0.8.0-M3 provides codec support for a shaded release of ScalaJSON 1.0.0-M4, as well as Jawn binding for parsing and pretty/compact printers.

### Fixes with compatibility implications

- Renames `project` and `lift` to `projectFormat` and `liftProject` respectively. #41 by @eed3si9n
- Uses `ClassTag` instead of `ClassManifest`. #13 by @xuwei-k
- Makes `Builder#addField` only require a `JsonWriter`. #46 by @dwijnand

### Improvements

- case class support. #52 by @xuwei-k
- Refactor `TupleFormats`. #53 by @xuwei-k
- JDK 8 time support. #54 by @eed3si9n
- Pretty printer for Scala JSON. #57 by @eed3si9n
- `Throwable` support. #56 by @eed3si9n
- Adds `mapReader`, `contramapWriter`, `mapKeyReader`, and `contramapKeyWriter`. #49, #50, #51, #58
- Adds support to LList's JsonFormat to read objects with a `$fields` field. #61 by @dwijnand
- Adds Tuple1 support to the case class support. #62 by @dwijnand
- Adds `LList.iso2` as an alternative to `LList.iso` that uses multiple parameter groups to drive type inference. #63 by @dwijnand

### Bug fixes

- Fixes benchmark for Msgpack. #48 by @jvican
- Fixes deserialization error message in LList's JsonFormat. #61 by @dwijnand

Commit message:

Define :*:.unapply so it mirrors the :*: operator

notes/0.8.0.markdown, after:

### ScalaJSON support

[ScalaJSON](https://github.com/mdedetrich/scalajson), formerly SLIP-28 JSON proposal, is graduating the incubation, and changed its group id (organization). However, it is still in development and final 1.0 is not out yet.

To avoid runtime errors in the future, sjson-new 0.8.0-M3 provides codec support for a shaded release of ScalaJSON 1.0.0-M4, as well as Jawn binding for parsing and pretty/compact printers.

### Fixes with compatibility implications

- Renames `project` and `lift` to `projectFormat` and `liftProject` respectively. #41 by @eed3si9n
- Uses `ClassTag` instead of `ClassManifest`. #13 by @xuwei-k
- Makes `Builder#addField` only require a `JsonWriter`. #46 by @dwijnand

### Improvements

- case class support. #52 by @xuwei-k
- Refactor `TupleFormats`. #53 by @xuwei-k
- JDK 8 time support. #54 by @eed3si9n
- Pretty printer for Scala JSON. #57 by @eed3si9n
- `Throwable` support. #56 by @eed3si9n
- Adds `mapReader`, `contramapWriter`, `mapKeyReader`, and `contramapKeyWriter`. #49, #50, #51, #58
- Adds support to LList's JsonFormat to read objects with a `$fields` field. #61 by @dwijnand
- Adds Tuple1 support to the case class support. #62 by @dwijnand
- Adds `LList.iso2` as an alternative to `LList.iso` that uses multiple parameter groups to drive type inference. #63 by @dwijnand
- Redefines `:*:.unapply` so it mirrors the `:*:` operator. #67 by @dwijnand

### Bug fixes

- Fixes benchmark for Msgpack. #48 by @jvican
- Fixes deserialization error message in LList's JsonFormat. #61 by @dwijnand
